docs: Update documentation prior to version update (#122)
CCBR/SINCLAIR: docs/user-guide/troubleshooting.md

> ## 1.4 Contact information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 1.4 Help & Contributing
```

> If after troubleshooting, the error cannot be resolved, or if a bug is found, please create an [issue](https://github.com/CCBR/SINCLAIR/issues) and send and email to [Nathan Wong](mailto:nathan.wong@nih.gov) or [Kelly Sovacool](mailto:kelly.sovacool@nih.gov).

Reviewer: This is the standard text I've been using:

```suggestion

Come across a **bug**? Open an [issue](https://github.com/CCBR/SINCLAIR/issues) and include a minimal reproducible example.

Have a **question**? Ask it in [discussions](https://github.com/CCBR/SINCLAIR/discussions).

Want to **contribute** to this project? Check out the [contributing guidelines](contributing.md).

**General Inquiries and Collaboration:** Please contact the CCBR Pipeliner team at [CCBR_Pipeliner@mail.nih.gov](mailto:CCBR_Pipeliner@mail.nih.gov).

```
